Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's alive!
Sync by honeybunny
www. addic7ed. com
Yes! Yes!
Yes!
It takes two for out of sight!
D'oh!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
I told you road
head was a bad idea.
Hello, earthling.
We were on... Oooh!
Why are you...
This is starting... to hurt...
Ohh!
And that's what I did to
the first aliens I found.
Unless you want some of the same, you
just better mind your P's and Q's.
Honey, do you have to make
up such horrible stories?
Martha, that boy is invulnerable.
I can't just spank him.
I don't often
drink beer, but when I do,
I usually suck three
or four male penises.
And on several nonconsecutive
occasions, I've run over a pet.
Oh, and once, I
raped my own uncle.
That is why I don't
often drink beer.
Even though Janet is no longer with
us, she's still alive in my heart.
I love you, my baby girl.
We will now hear a few words
from Janet's friend Diablo Cody.
Janet was a holympic athlete.
And her sport? Flirting.
When we hung out, it was
like Flirt and Ernie.
Screw the recession...
That girl was always in business.
She was hotter than
an oven on the sun.
She was always sexting these
incredible hunks, like Josh.
I thought he was a homo-skillet, but
that's besides the Tito Puente.
On a scale of one to zen, Janet
was my "B" to the double "F" power,
and I'm gonna miss
her like Demeanor Elliot.
You know, Janet was my
fashionista sister.
She had this one tube top.
The thing made her look
like a pixy stick smuggling
volleyballs smuggling
grapes smuggling craisins.
So, put your mitts together
and make some Alfred.
Alfred Noyes... the poet.
Make some noise.
All right, I'm out
like slap bracelets.
Peace in the middle
yeast infection.
Shut the up already!
Mom, why is Diablo Cody here?
Did you even read my suicide note?
Most of us will die in Vietnam,
but at least it'll teach America
a valuable lesson on
fighting needless wars.
All right.
Come on!
Oh!
No!
You contra bastards!
Or are we the contras?
I never got that.
I'm back!
Blue pants! You're alive?!
I guess so.
Maybe we're immortal.
Let's find out.
Aah!
"Groundhog Day"
You want to kill
me, but you can't!
Low hand, high hand, and
poke you in the peepers!
Hey, check it out.
Give me a hand.
Ooh! Boom on your helmet!
# Doing the running man #
# running as fast as I can #
Wall of spikes!
Hey, how you doing?
Excuse me, soldier, I was wondering...
Oh, yeah!
Boom diggity!
Ballsville!
Oh, your pellet hurt me!
Well, we'll shoot that one, and
that one explodes, and the
other one explodes, and
we're left with nothing.
Why is this bridge
self-destructive?
Check it out.
Thank you, sir.
May I have another?
A strange monster for this
industrial wasteland.
Go, contra-a-a-a!
Hey, check it out.
Oh, is this a message in a bottle?
Oh, no... a grenade!
Oh, grab the kids!
What are we gonna...
Wait a minute!
I'm immortal
Wait.
Hey.
No!
What kind of sick
gives a man exactly 30 lives?
You think a group of
children can stop me?
Come taste my magic
and know oblivion!
You may be stronger, Venger, but
we're on the side of right,
and that makes this battle
as lopsided as your helmet.
My helmet? What are you...
Oh, you got to be kidding me.
I've only had this
helmet for two months.
Y-your ruse won't work, Venger.
Face us!
Will you shut up and help
me look for my horn?!
A-are one of you standing on it?
Uhh... W-what?!
How would we be standing on it?
I don't know, Diana.
But I do know that when I left home this
morning, I had two horns on my head.
L- look, I-I'm sorry.
The helmet was a gift from someone
who isn't with us anymore.
So if I'm freaking out, it's just...
No, no.
We'll... help you look for it.
T- thanks, guys.
Just... Thanks.
Today, a blond, white girl
was brutally murdered.
Hot, hot film at 11:00.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaah!
What do you want?!
Well?!
Do... do you want something?
Anything?
Well, I have to get up early, so...
So... Good night.
Oh, what?
Like we all have to be assholes?
You will pay for cobra!
Or you can choose from third-party
health-insurance plans, both PPOs and HMOs.
Cobra!
Beware, Gotham City.
Nothing can stop the Joker!
No!
One more punch would kill you.
And I won't kill you.
That somehow means I win.
I go to jail, escape, kill people,
go to jail, rinse and repeat.
Yes, it's an endless cycle.
But I've sworn to let the
courts do their work.
What to do?
Hmmmmmmmmmm.
And due to the persuasive
testimony of the Batman...
Thank you, Batman... The court has
decided upon the death penalty.
It's, uh... It's out of my hands.
Maurice P. Joker, for 2,391
counts of murder and many other
crimes that seem minor next to
2,391 counts of murder, you have
been sentenced to death.
Have you any last words?
I know Jesus has forgiven me.
Is that a joke?
No!
Here we go!
That's not right.
Keep going until he's dead.
It would be monstrous to stop now.
you, Dork Knight!
D'oh! Oh! Uh-oh!
Aaaaaah!
Oh, I-I-I didn't know.
I- I... didn't know.
Wait.
But why?
For Barbara.
Huh?
Aaaaah!
"Eeeeee!"
Go, Gordon! Go, Gordon!
This is Hal Lexington for the
8:00 news, saying have a great
night, and you, dad.
you.
Oh, computer!
Your real name should
be "Porn Funnel. "
I love my family more than
you, but only collectively.
On a case-by-case basis, I love
you more than any...
...Individual family member.
It's true.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm inside the computer!
We must fight the
master-control program.
Wow!
You're the topless girl
from "Caddyshack"!
I am Yori.
You're Lacey Underall!
Underalls are stockings.
Good pun, Mr. Ramis.
Dang it!
You fool!
In my real life, I'm a computer
programmer, so I have a huge
advantage here.
But you throw a frisbee like a
computer programmer, so that's
not great.
We lost our frisbees!
Oh, does that mean we tied?
Cool! A glow stick!
We can pretend we're at a rave!
Hey, ladies.
Let's drink some shots!
Ugh. Please shut up.
Oh, my gosh! Light cycles!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
It's true! It's true!
You really can pee your pants
and have an erection at the same time!
Look at me!
I'm the opening
credits to "Frasier. "
# Scrambled eggs #
You're screwed now, nerd!
Our light cycles never crash!
Oh, really?
Try installing third-party
software of any kind.
I'm downloading
shareware right now.
Aaaaaaagh!
Goodbye, evil staple remover!
Whoa!
The master-control program!
Behold, outsider.
Behold how high-tech I am.
Uh, well, I guess.
I mean... Why, it would take nothing
short of ping-pong balls to defeat me!
Oh, yeah, I forgot how much
this part of the game sucked.
Oh, no!
Are you some kind of God?
I guess.
Computers will still
rule humans one day.
Or, at the very least, computers will
really annoy humans one day.
Just you wait until that
annoying kid with the dandruff
from high school finds you on
Facebook and bugs you to play
knockoff scrabble twice a day,
and you'll kind of get hooked on
it, and then a legal battle will
make them yank the game down,
just when your scores were really
starting to kick ass, and then...
You win.
Yes!
I am now the master
of all computers!
Bring on the endless free porn!
Your wish is my command.
Oh, yeah, I forgot... It's 1982.
So, Lacey Underall, I don't suppose you
want to play strip poker for realsies?
# Ba-bawk bawk bawk #
# ba-bawk bawk bawk #
# ba-bawk bawk bawk-a-wawk
wawk bawk bawk #
# ba-bawk bawk bawk #
# ba-bawk bawk bawk-a-wawk
wawk bawk bawk #
# ba-bawk bawk bawk #
# ba-bawk bawk bawk-a-wawk
wawk bawk bawk #
Sync by honeybunny
www. addic7ed. com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org